Hello everyone.
Welcome back to Part 6 of the blog clone project.
So he finished up all our views and now let's wrap up all the or else including the Urals in the project.
You're also up by file by setting up a quick authentication system that runs on top of that super user
group.
That way anyone that actually wants to create a post needs to be a super user should be pretty brief.
So let's get started.
All right.
Here I am at the Adam text editor and I will open up the URLs that py file that corresponds to the my
site project folder.
And here when I'm going to do is save from jingo dot contrib.
Th authorization import use.
And what I'm doing is I'm just importing some views just like I would from another application from
the authorization application.
And we've seen this actually done before.
So let's set this up.
Going to call your L and I'm going to create a domain slash accounts slash logons can be or a logon
page and we're just going to call use the log in and give it the name logon and the next thing we're
going to do is create our log out souls say our accounts slash log outs slash dollar sign in here we'll
say views log out give it the name walk out and then give it some keyword arguments or so.
KW a RG Yes we can collapse that directory tree give ourselves a little more room here and then we'll
say equal to an old do we'll give it the next page.
So that's the next page going to go to and we'll have it go with a value of just a forward slash.
So when you log out the next page you go to is just the home page which is our post list page.
OK.
So those are all patterns and if we check out under registration we have our log in that each team l
page which is ready to go.
So let's fill that out right now.
And we'll say that this extends from blog base.
H tim L. and depending on what plugins you have for Adam this could be syntax highlighted and will eventually
have some base but each team will block.
So I'm going to say block and we'll have some sort of content block which will behave as our body block.
So we've usually seen you can call it whatever you want and then we'll need to call and block here.
So this is essentially going to be our log in page.
So I'm going to have it be a Jumbotron eventually in the baseline h team l file or we're gonna end up
doing is sending a link to bootstrap and we'll just say something like Please log in.
And then after that we'll have H-3 and imprints will remind the person must be a super user.
Please check with the site's admin.
Just some sort of message there to indicate Hey you must be a supervisor if you're not checking to say
admin.
And then here we can add in some logic.
So we're going to say is
the forum.
Errors and then whenever we have an if you should have an end if so if that's the case.
So if our form has any errors in it meaning essentially there was a match between the user or the password
to have something pop up here saying your username and password didn't match please try.
Whoops.
Quis try again.
Otherwise we'll just continue on with this form.
So create a forum tag and it doesn't need a class and for the action we're going to have it do is go
to the log in page.
So this action sort of index that each symbol is going to have it using your template tags.
Will say your el log in and we're basically since we're into your old PI file pointing everything as
far as templates to go straight to the blog I don't have like we've typically seen something like blog
coaling log in because there are no templates at the site level.
Everything goes to the blog.
So in that case you can kind of simplify things by just saying log in and we'll discover that more as
we mess around with more templates.
But we also don't need a.
Actually.
Let's make this Kapolei just so it's clear.
But what we do need excuse me is the SRF token.
So let's add that in so we'll say see SRF underscore tokin.
And after that we're going to have form dot as underscore.
So that creates the paragraph form and after that we need some inputs.
So I'll have a submit button.
And let's give the class that's going to align with the bootstrap classes.
So between beats in the primary.
Eventually you'll start kind of memorizing more and more of these classes and it doesn't need a name
because we're not linking it to anything Tim Wise.
But we give it a value and let's just have the button say something like log in and then beyond that
what we want is to have is some hidden input.
So give this a hidden input the name will be next and the value is just going to be next here.
And this basically has to do with the view that we're operating with.
So if we come back to your pie this log in page essentially this view is not log in it's going to supply
this next value for us which is going to allow us to kind of deal with what to do next after this person's
been logged in and let's make sure this div is closed and that's it.
Great.
So that's our entire log in.
But each team L and that's all we have to do for the Urals page in the actual If come back here.
This is all we need to do is just have these four patterns.
Two of them dealing with log in and log out setting up the abdomen and then including blocks that you
are all right.
Pretty brief lecture but basically all are log in and off authentication stuff.
As far as actually going into registering on the site should be done for us.
Up next all we have to do is take care of these rest these templates and then we're going to do in the
next lecture.
Thanks and I'll see you there.